[RHACS] ROX-23479: Improvements in Compliance feature and Compliance Operator documentation (4.5 and later versions) (#78035)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/checking-the-compliance-status-of-your-infrastructure.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/manage-compliance.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="checking-the-compliance-status-of-your-infrastructure_{context}"]
= Checking the compliance status of your infrastructure

By performing a compliance scan, you can check the compliance status of your entire infrastructure for all compliance standards. When you run a compliance scan, {rh-rhacs-first} creates a data snapshot of your environment. The data snapshot includes alerts, images, network policies, deployments, and related host-based data.

Central collects the host-based data from Sensors running in your clusters. Central then collects further data from the compliance container running in each Collector pod. 

The compliance container collects the following data about your environment:

> * Configurations for Docker Daemon, Docker image, and Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configurations for the container daemon, container runtime and container image.
```

Reviewer: Docker is the container-runtime (containerd more specifically) kubernetes uses. In OpenShift we do not use containerd, we use cri-o. Imho it is an implementation detail, we can refer to "container daemon" and not specify the runtime.

> * Information about Docker networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Information about container networks.
```

> * Command-line arguments and processes for Docker, Kubernetes and OpenShift Container Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Command-line arguments and processes for the container runtime, Kubernetes and OpenShift Container Platform.
```
